[Docs] Revamp the documentation, install files, and examples (#1003)
streamshub/console: README.md

## Roadmap / Goals

The future goals of this project are to provide a user interface to interact with and manage additional data streaming components such as:
- [Apicurio Registry](https://www.apicur.io/registry/) for message serialization and de-serialization + validation
- [Kroxylicious](https://kroxylicious.io/)
- [Apache Flink](https://flink.apache.org/)

Contributions and discussions around use cases for these (and other relevant) components are both welcome and encouraged.

## Deployment
There are several ways to deploy the console - via the operator using the Operator Lifecycle Manager (OLM), via the operator using plain Kubernetes resources, or directly with Kubernetes resources (without the operator).

Note, if you are using [minikube](https://minikube.sigs.k8s.io/) with the `ingress` addon as your Kubernetes cluster, SSL pass-through must be enabled on the nginx controller:
```shell
# Enable TLS passthrough on the ingress deployment
kubectl patch deployment -n ingress-nginx ingress-nginx-controller \
 --type='json' \
 -p='[{"op": "add", "path": "/spec/template/spec/containers/0/args/-", "value":"--enable-ssl-passthrough"}]'
```

### Prerequisites
#### Kafka

> The instructions below assume an existing Apache Kafka<sup>®</sup> cluster is available to use from the console. We recommend using [Strimzi](https://strimzi.io) to create and manage your Apache Kafka<sup>®</sup> clusters - plus the console provides additional features and insights for Strimzi Apache Kafka<sup>®</sup> clusters.

Author: I think so, good catch. I added it to the section header.

If you already have Strimzi installed but would like to create an Apache Kafka<sup>®</sup> cluster for use with the console, example resources are available to get started.  This example will create an Apache Kafka<sup>®</sup> cluster in KRaft mode with SCRAM-SHA-512 authentication, a Strimzi `KafkaNodePool` resource to manage the cluster nodes, and a Strimzi `KafkaUser` resource that may be used to connect to the cluster.

Modify the `CLUSTER_DOMAIN` to match the base domain of your Kubernetes cluster (used for ingress configuration), use either `route` (OpenShift) or `ingress` (vanilla Kubernetes) for `LISTENER_TYPE`, and set `NAMESPACE` to be the namespace where the Apache Kafka<sup>®</sup> cluster will be created.
```shell
export CLUSTER_DOMAIN=apps-crc.testing
export NAMESPACE=kafka
export LISTENER_TYPE=route
cat examples/kafka/*.yaml | envsubst | kubectl apply -n ${NAMESPACE} -f -
```
##### Kafka Authorization

> In order to allow the necessary access for the console to function, a minimum level of authorization must be configured for the principal in use for each Kafka cluster connection. While the definition of the permissions may vary depending on the authorization framework in use (e.g. ACLs, Keycloak Authorization, OPA, or custom) the minimum required in terms of ACL types are:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To ensure the console has the necessary access to function, a minimum level of authorization must be configured for the principal used in each Kafka cluster connection. The specific permissions may vary based on the authorization framework in use, such as ACLs, Keycloak authorization, OPA, or a custom solution. However, the minimum ACL types required are as follows:
```

```
export NAMESPACE=default
export VERSION=0.3.3
curl -sL https://github.com/streamshub/console/releases/download/${VERSION}/console-operator-${VERSION}.yaml \
  | envsubst \
  | kubectl apply -n ${NAMESPACE} -f -
```
Note: if you are not using the Prometheus operator you may see an error about a missing `ServiceMonitor` custom resource type. This error may be ignored.

With the operator resources created, you may create a `Console` resource like the one shown in [Console Custom Resource Example](#console-custom-resource-example).

## Running locally

Running the console locally requires configuration of any Apache Kafka<sup>®</sup> clusters that will be accessed from the console and (optionally) the use of a Kubernetes cluster that hosts the Strimzi Kafka operator. To get started, you will need to provide a console configuration file and (optionally) credentials to connect to the Kubernetes cluster where Strimzi is operating.

1. Using the [console-config-example.yaml](./console-config-example.yaml) file as an example, create your own configuration
   in a file `console-config.yaml` in the repository root. The `compose.yaml` file expects this location to be used and

>    and difference in name or location requires an adjustment to the compose file.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
   any difference in name or location requires an adjustment to the compose file.
```
